arXiv:2506.22485v1 [cs.CL] 23 Jun 2025
AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency,
Completeness and Clarity for Enterprise Documents
Sudip Dasgupta
Himanshu Shankar
Senior Manager
Associate Director
Accenture
Accenture
sudip.dasgupta77@gmail.com
shankarhimanshu@gmail.com
The Problem
This study is about finding out how good and reliable AI Agents are at automatically checking all kinds of
business documents created by companies. Instead of only looking at one type of document or one area, the
study looks at many types—like documents needed for government rules, company procedures, or any other
business requirement.
The main question is: Can we trust these AI Agents to review business documents on their own, when the
documents need to follow strict formats, use the correct terms and be factually correct?
The Objectives
1. Can AI Do the Job Well?
The study checks if using AI Agents really works for reviewing business documents. This includes seeing if
the AI Agents can make sure documents match the right template (for example, as needed for government
rules or business needs), contain accurate information, and use the right words for the industry.
Example: Can the AI Agents make sure a company’s report follows a specific layout and uses correct technical
words?
2. Build a Flexible Review System
The goal is to create a system that uses modern tools (like LangChain, CrewAI, TruLens, and Guidance) so
that it can easily adjust to different types of business documents and changing quality needs.
3. Compare AI and Human Reviews
The study measures how well and how quickly the AI Agents review documents and compares these results
to what human reviewers do. This helps find out where AI Agents do better and where humans are still
needed.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 1

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Example: Check if the AI Agents find mistakes in business documents faster or more accurately than people.
4. Easy-to-Follow Instructions
The study will create simple and practical steps for using AI Agents in document reviews. This includes
advice on how to ask the AI the right questions, how to get organized answers, and how to keep improving
the process by learning from real-life results.
Example: Give clear templates for asking AI Agents to find important information in business documents,
and advice on changing these questions as rules change.
The Significance
Saves Time and Work:
Using AI Agents make the review of business documents much faster and easier, so people don’t have to
spend so much time on it. It also helps reduce mistakes.
Keeps Things Fair and Consistent:
AI Agents review documents the same way every time, making the results fair and steady, unlike humans,
who might do things differently each time.
No Personal Bias:
Because AI Agents use fixed rules, it doesn’t bring personal opinions into the review. This is very important
in situations where fairness and accuracy really matter, like in healthcare or official paperwork.
Works More Efficiently:
Because AI Agents use fixed rules, it doesn’t bring personal opinions into the review. This is very important
in situations where fairness and accuracy really matter, like in healthcare or official paperwork.
Reusable AI System:
The study will provide a step-by-step system that anyone—businesses or researchers—can use to bring AI
into the review process for different types of documents, from healthcare forms to financial reports.
Shows What AI Can’t Do (Yet):
The study will also point out where current AI tools still need human help, especially for very complex or
sensitive documents.
Example: Some medical reports may need a doctor to review them, even if the AI Agents can check that the
report follows the right format.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 2

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Introduction
The growing use of powerful AI systems using AI Agents by calling Large Language Models (LLMs), like
GPT-4 and Llama 2 and other tools, has changed the way companies review business documents. These AI
Agents can be used for many jobs—like checking if a document meets rules, grading documents, or making
sure technical details are correct. However, most research and real-world use focuses on documents that don’t
have a fixed structure. There is still a big gap when it comes to reviewing highly structured, template-based
business documents, which need each section to follow strict rules and business logic.
These kinds of business documents—such as those used for regulatory filings, internal process documentation,
or other business requirements—need to be checked not just for accuracy and completeness, but also for
correct layout, specific technical words, and how well they match related documents. Reviewing these by
hand takes a lot of time and effort, can lead to mistakes, and is not always consistent. This is why companies
need faster, automatic, and more reliable ways to check such documents.
Some open-source AI tools, like DeepEval and Evidently AI, help review text made by LLMs. They let you
try different questions, track results, and look for mistakes. But these tools mostly work well for simple text
or chatbot conversations. They are not designed for complex business documents that follow a strict format
and need to meet specific business needs.
This study aims to solve this problem. It looks at how to build a flexible and detailed system, using AI
Agents and tools like LangChain, CrewAI, TruLens, Guidance and others, to automatically and accurately
review structured business documents created for enterprises. The goal is to create a process that is clear,
section-by-section, and easy to check.
Novelty and Advantages
The invention described herein introduces a modular, multi-agent pipeline for the automated evaluation
of enterprise business documents using AI Agents and other tools. Unlike existing document automation
solutions, which typically focus on generic or unstructured texts, this system is specifically designed for
highly structured, template-based enterprise documents that require section-by-section review.
Key novel features include:
• A multi-agent architecture that assigns specialized review tasks—such as template compliance, factual
accuracy, and completeness—to dedicated agents, enabling parallel and expert-level evaluation of each
document section.
• The use of orchestration frameworks that allow for flexible adaptation to any document structure or
business template, supporting rapid integration with evolving enterprise requirements.
• An enforced, machine-readable output schema that ensures all evaluation results are standardized,
auditable and easily integrated into downstream analytics or compliance workflows.
• A continuous monitoring and feedback loop, allowing for iterative improvement and bias mitigation
based on real-world reviewer input.
• Scalability to process large volumes of documents across various formats and industries, far surpassing
the manual review process in speed, accuracy, and consistency.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 3

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Comparison with Prior Art
Most existing enterprise document review systems utilize rule-based engines, template checkers, or simple
text analytics tools and are primarily limited to static checks or unstructured text. Some recent solutions
leverage AI for text classification or extraction but do not support dynamic, agent-based evaluation or
adaptable orchestration across varied document templates.
Unlike these prior systems, the present invention:
• Provides a modular, agent-driven pipeline where different evaluation criteria are handled by specialized
agents, not by a monolithic engine.
• Supports real-time, section-by-section review and feedback, rather than batch or end-of-document
analysis.
• Enforces structured outputs at every stage, enabling seamless auditability and integration with business
intelligence tools.
• Integrates a continuous feedback mechanism, allowing both automated refinement and human-in-theloop oversight, which are absent in most legacy tools.
• Is designed to be compatible with any AI model or agent framework, allowing rapid adoption of new
AI technologies.
Literature Review and Choosing Tools
Recent studies indicate a growing trend in the use of AI agents for reviewing business documents, particularly
in assessing accuracy, compliance, and technical soundness. Research demonstrates that, when provided
with well-structured instructions, AI agents can sometimes match or even surpass human performance in
identifying errors and ensuring adherence to established guidelines.
However, several challenges remain. AI agents can still produce inconsistent results, generate fabricated
information (hallucinations), or exhibit bias. To address these issues, experts recommend breaking down
evaluation instructions into clear, manageable steps, developing detailed rubrics, and maintaining continuous
oversight of AI outputs. Open-source tools such as OpenAI Evals, DeepEval, and Evidently AI have emerged
as valuable resources, facilitating the setup of rigorous evaluation processes and providing robust monitoring
capabilities for AI-based assessments.
Using LangChain, CrewAI, TruLens, and Guidance
Different tools help put these ideas into practice for reviewing structured business documents:
LangChain: Helps build systems that organize the review process step-by-step. For example, it can break a
document into sections, check each part and combine the results.
CrewAI: Allows the work to be split among several “agents,” just like people in a review team. One agent
might check if the document uses the right template, another checks for accuracy, and another makes sure
the right words are used.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 4

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
TruLens: Provides dashboards to monitor the AI Agent answers, watch for bias, and keep track of quality
over time. This is important for documents where accuracy and fairness are critical.
Guidance: Makes sure the AI Agent answers are always given in a clear, set format (like tables or lists).
This makes it easy for computers to read the results and for people to audit them later.
How Research and Tools Work Together
Here is how research advice matches up with real-world tools:
Research Insight
Industry Tool Example
Benefit
LLMs can match/exceed human review
LangChain, DeepEval
Step-by-step, flexible review process
Role-based, multi-agent evaluation
CrewAI
Splits tasks, easier to track who does what
Continuous monitoring is important TruLens, Evidently AI
Dashboards to track quality and catch
mistakes
Structured, clear output
Guidance
Easy to read, audit, and analyze the AI’s
answers
Summary of Findings
Research shows that using AI Agents to check business documents is promising, especially if we use clear
steps, split up the work, and have rules to follow. Tools like LangChain, CrewAI, TruLens and Guidance
make it easier to put these ideas into action, helping with compliance, quality, and audits. However, there
is still no single solution that brings all these features together for highly structured business documents.
This study builds a new process by combining all four tools and making improvements, such as:
• Checking each section of the business document with specific rules
• Assigning review tasks to different expert agents, like a real team
• Monitoring the whole process for mistakes or bias
• Making sure every AI answer is in a clear, trackable format
Why Each Tool Is Used
LangChain is chosen because it helps set up and manage the whole review process, and works with many
types of AI models.
CrewAI is important for splitting up the work, so different agents can check different sections, just like real
experts.
TruLens helps watch the AI’s performance with dashboards and feedback, so the process keeps getting better.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 5

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Guidance makes sure every answer from the AI is formatted the same way, so it’s easy to read and analyze
later.
Framework/Tool
Unique Strengths
Limitations
Role in Solution
LangChain
Flexible, step-by-step
May need custom loaders for
some docs
Main organizer and
manager
CrewAI
Divides work among
agents
Can get complex to coordinate
Handles expert review
tasks
TruLens
Dashboards, tracking
Not for managing workflow
Monitors performance and
bias
Guidance
Structured output
Takes time to learn advanced
features
Controls the format of all
outputs
Methodology and Framework
Section 1: How the Evaluation System Works
The solution uses several connected tools to automatically review business documents made by companies.
The system is built in steps:
1. Loading and splitting up the document,
2. Letting AI review the document,
3. Giving different tasks to different expert agents,
4. Making sure the results follow a set format, and
5. Always monitoring and improving the process.
This method makes it easy to scale, adapt, and track reviews at every step.
Section 2: Step-by-Step Details
2.1 Document Loading and Splitting (LangChain)
Input: Business documents are uploaded in digital formats (like Word or PDF).
Splitting: Using tools like LangChain, each document is broken down into sections based on its layout or
template (such as Introduction, Business Needs, Solutions, Test Cases, etc.).
Preparation: Each section is turned into organized data (for example, in JSON format), making it easy for
the AI to review each part separately.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 6

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
2.2 AI Review (LangChain + Guidance)
How It Works: LangChain manages the workflow by directing AI agents—powered by large language models
such as GPT-4 or Llama 2—to review each section independently. When needed, it can also incorporate
information from external sources, such as databases, vector databases, and webpages, to enhance the quality
and credibility of the review process.
Custom Questions: The AI Agents gets specific questions for each section, like checking if the section follows
the template, is factually correct and uses the right words.
Structured Results: Guidance makes sure all AI Agent answers come in a set, computer-friendly format (like
JSON) so they are easy to check and store.
2.3 Multi-Agent Work (CrewAI)
Expert Agents: CrewAI lets you create specialized “agents” for different jobs: One checks if the document
follows the template,
• One checks for correct facts,
• One checks for redundancy.
• One checks the words and clarity,
• One checks if all information is included.
The system can be designed in such a way so that additional agents can be added or existing agents can be
removed based on the business/user requirement.
How They Work Together: Each agent reviews its assigned section, and all results are combined for a final
report. If an agent is unsure, it can ask another agent or send the section to a human for review, just like a
real team would.
2.4 Consistent Results (Guidance)
Prompt Templates: Every review question includes instructions for how to format the answer, for example:
“Check this section for completeness. Return your answer as a JSON with: score (1-5), comments, missing elements (list).”
Sample Output:
{
”score”: 4, ”comments”: ”All key fields are present except a detailed risk analysis.”, ”missing elements”: [”risk
analysis”]
}
Benefit: This makes every agent’s answer easy to compare and analyze.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 7

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
2.5 Always Improving (TruLens)
Live Dashboards: TruLens keeps track of all reviews, showing results like accuracy, bias and confidence in
real-time.
Continuous Checks: The system compares new results with trusted examples to spot problems. If the AI’s
answers change or get worse, it is flagged.
Feedback Loop: Human experts can review or correct AI answers, and their input is logged so the system
gets better over time.
Section 3: Example in Action
Prompt Example:
“As a documentation expert, review the ‘Solution Overview’ section. List any missing required parts and rate
overall compliance (1=bad, 5=perfect). Return your answer as JSON.”
AI’s Sample Answer:
{
”score”: 3,
”missing sections”: [”Assumptions”, ”Constraints”],
”comments”: ”Main technical details are present, but missing statements of assumptions and constraints.”
}
Section 4: Improving Over Time
The system keeps checking how often AI and human reviewers agree, how many sections pass review, and
how long reviews take. Steps for getting better:
• Review dashboard results for patterns or frequent mistakes.
• Update questions and rules based on feedback.
• Regularly retrain the AI on new business document data.
• Create new expert agents as document templates change.
Create new expert agents as document templates change.
Tool/Framework
Main Job
How It Adapts for Business Documents
LangChain
Loads, organizes, manages process
Special loaders for business document sections
CrewAI
Splits tasks among expert agents
Agents for different review roles
Guidance
Ensures answers are well-formed
All results in standard, machine-ready format
TruLens
Tracks, reports, and improves
Keeps track of all review data and feedback
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 8

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Section 5: System Diagram
A simple diagram below shows how the document moves through each stage: upload →split into sections
→reviewed by AI Agents →answers formatted and stored →results tracked in dashboards.
Section 6: Error Handling
The system uses several ways to spot and manage mistakes:
• If the AI Agent makes something up or is unsure, the answer is checked against rules and past correct
answers, or the opinion of several agents.
• If the AI Agent can’t handle a very important section, or its confidence is low, a human must check it.
• All mistakes or special cases are recorded for future improvements.
Section 7: Data Privacy and Compliance
Because these documents can be sensitive, all information is encrypted and kept safe at every stage. Private
details are hidden before being sent to outside AI systems. Only approved people can see or change the data,
and every action is tracked. The whole system can run inside a private company network if needed, meeting
all required data protection laws.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 9

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Section 8: Technical Diagrams and Pseudocode
Technical Diagram and Example Workflow:
Pseudo-code Example:
“def evaluate enterprise document(doc):
sections = segment document(doc)
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 10

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
results = []
for section in sections:
agent = assign specialized agent(section)
output = agent.evaluate(section)
formatted = enforce output schema(output)
results.append(formatted)
log results(results)
trigger dashboard update(results)
if reviewer feedback needed(results):
send for human review(results)
return results”
Prototype Implementation and Evaluation Methodology
Prototype Setup and Configuration
The prototype uses a group of modern tools to automatically review business documents created by companies. Here’s how it works:
LangChain: Loads business documents (like Word or PDF files) and splits them into sections based on the
document’s template.
CrewAI: Sets up different agents with specific jobs, such as checking if the document follows the right format,
has the right facts, and uses the correct words.
Guidance: Makes sure every question asked to the AI returns a clearly structured answer (like JSON or a
table), so it’s easy to check and store.
TruLens: Tracks every review, shows results on dashboards, and helps spot any mistakes or strange patterns.
Technology Stack Example:
• Python 3.10+
• Any top LLM (like GPT-4, Llama 2, or an open-source option)
• LangChain, CrewAI, Guidance, TruLens
All tests and reviews with this prototype followed strict company privacy and security rules, and sensitive
information was always kept safe.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 11

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Evaluation Methodology
To see how well the prototype works, its performance is measured and compared to human reviewers using
clear metrics:
Metric
What It Means
How It’s Measured
Accuracy
How often the review is correct
Compared to expert human
judgment
Consistency
If the review gives the same result every time
Score changes across repeated
runs
Efficiency
How fast the review is compared to a human
Time per document (in
minutes)
Bias Checking
Finding and fixing any AI mistakes or odd judgments
(hallucinations)
Number of flagged cases or
errors
Manual reviews by human experts are the “gold standard.” Prototype results are compared to these,
showing:
• Much faster reviews (for example, 8 times quicker than humans)
• Over 95% agreement in accuracy with human reviewers
• Fewer errors or cases needing human correction
Case Study: Step-by-Step Example
Suppose a typical business document is uploaded. The system automatically splits it into sections (like
“Business Needs,”“Solution Overview,”“Assumptions,” etc.).
The Flow:
LangChain: Loads and splits the document, starts the review workflow.
CrewAI: Sends sections to different agents:
• Format Checker
• Factual Checker
• Terminology Checker
• Redundancy Checker
Guidance: Makes sure all AI answers follow the same format.
TruLens: Records and shows results in a dashboard.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 12

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Example: Reviewing an “Assumptions” Section
Prompt to the AI:
“You are a business document reviewer. Evaluate this section for completeness and if it follows the template.
Give your answer as JSON.”
Sample Section:
“This solution assumes all user data is current and all team members have access rights.”
Sample AI Output:
{
”score”: 4,
”missing elements”: [”Risk factors”],
”comments”: ”Assumptions are mostly clear, but risk factors are not mentioned.”
}
TruLens Dashboard Shows:
• 70% of similar documents are missing “Risk factors” in their Assumptions section
• Human reviewers agreed with the AI’s judgment
• No made-up information or big differences in scores (high consistency)
• Prototype reviewed 5 documents in 10 minutes, while humans took 1.5 hours
Prototype Value
• AI matches human accuracy within 1 section out of 20 (over 95% agreement)
• Review time is cut by 85% per document
• Standard formats make analytics and error detection instant
• Human corrections needed drop by 60% after improving prompts and AI answers
Limitations and Future Improvements
• Using top-quality LLMs can be expensive and slow for very large numbers of documents
• Sometimes, the AI misses mistakes (false negatives) or flags too many (false positives), so the instructions need regular updates
• Different document templates may need customized review steps
Future plans:
• Using top-quality LLMs can be expensive and slow for very large numbers of documents
• Sometimes, the AI misses mistakes (false negatives) or flags too many (false positives), so the instructions need regular updates
• Different document templates may need customized review steps
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 13

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Findings from the Research
Quantitative Evaluation
The effectiveness of the AI Agent-as-Judge system was evaluated by comparing AI-driven reviews and manual
human reviews on a set of 50 structured business documents(5 to 7 pages long). The key focus was on the
accuracy of information (correctness of facts, data and statements within the document) and consistency of
information (uniformity of terminology, facts and internal logic throughout each document).
Metric
AI Agents Human Reviewers Improvement (AI vs. Human)
Information Accuracy (%)
86
98
-12%
Information Consistency (%)
99
92
+7%
Avg. Review Time (minutes)
2.5
30
12x faster
Error Rate (%)
2
4
-50%
Bias Flags (per 50 docs)
1
2
-50%
Agreement Rate (%)
95
N/A
—
Table 1: Comparison of AI Agents and Human Reviewers
Interpretation:
Information Accuracy: AI agents correctly validated factual content in documents 86% of the time, to the
98% achieved by human reviewers.
Information Consistency: AI agents were able to maintain internal consistency (such as matching terms,
figures and cross-references) in 99% of the documents, compared to 92% for human reviewers.
Efficiency: AI agents reduced average document review time from 30 minutes (human) to 2.5 minutes.
Error Rate: The system achieved a 50% reduction in the rate of review errors compared to humans.
Bias Detection: The number of flagged bias instances was cut in half using the AI system.
Agreement Rate: There was a 95% rate of agreement between the AI agents’ assessments and human expert
judgment.
Qualitative Feedback
Strengths: The AI Agent-as-Judge system excelled at ensuring information within documents was both factually accurate and internally consistent. It was effective at identifying discrepancies, contradictory statements,
or inconsistent use of terms.
Limitations: AI agents sometimes missed context-dependent nuances or highly specialized subject matter,
which required human expertise for final validation.
Disclaimer:
The results and data presented above are based on experiments conducted in a controlled environment
using a prototype implementation of the AI Agent-as-Judge system.
Actual performance, accuracy and
consistency may vary in real-world production environments due to differences in document complexity,
scale, data privacy requirements and operational constraints. Further validation and calibration may be
necessary before large-scale deployment.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 14

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
Alternative Embodiments:
While the invention is described in the context of highly structured enterprise business documents, the
underlying method can be applied to a wide range of document types and industries. For example, the
system could be adapted to automate evaluation for:
• Legal contracts, by defining agents for clause completeness and legal compliance.
• Financial reports, with agents for detecting anomalies or validating computations.
• Academic research articles, by checking section adherence and citation completeness.
• Multi-lingual or cross-regional business documentation, by configuring language-specific or regionspecific agents.
Additionally, while the implementation utilizes specific technologies such as LangChain, CrewAI, and Guidance, the modular approach is compatible with any agent orchestration framework, LLM provider, or output
schema, allowing future integration with emerging AI tools.
Conclusion
This study shows how a group of modern AI tools can work together to automatically check the quality of
business documents created by companies. By using LangChain to handle and organize documents, CrewAI
to give tasks to expert agents, Guidance to make sure all answers follow a set format, and TruLens to track
and improve everything, the system can review complex business documents quickly, fairly, and in a way
that’s easy to audit.
The results show that this system gives answers that match closely with human reviewers, but takes much
less time and always provides results in a clear, consistent format. Because the system is built in separate,
flexible parts, it can quickly adjust to new document templates or business rules. The monitoring tools help
keep improving the process and reduce mistakes over time. Real examples prove that this method is faster,
more reliable, and more consistent than old-fashioned manual reviews.
However, there are still challenges. Running top-level AI can be costly for very large numbers of documents.
Sometimes the AI misses errors or flags the wrong things, and different document types need special handling.
Fixing these issues, expanding to more languages, and adding smarter fact-checking agents are important
next steps.
In the future, this kind of system can help companies make sure all their documents meet business or legal
requirements, while saving time and reducing mistakes. As AI tools get even better, they will become an
even more important part of reliable and secure business document review.
Claims
1. A method for automated evaluation of enterprise business documents, comprising: segmenting an input
document into sections; assigning each section to at least one specialized evaluation agent; performing evaluation of each section by using specific AI Agent; enforcing structured output formatting; and continuously
monitoring and updating evaluation rules based on reviewer feedback.
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 15

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
2. The method of claim 1, wherein the evaluation agents are configured for tasks selected from the group
consisting of: template compliance, factual accuracy, terminology consistency, redundancy and document
completeness.
3. The method of claim 1, wherein the system ingests documents in a variety of formats including DOCX,
PDF, or JSON.
4. The method of claim 1, wherein the evaluation agents operate in parallel or in sequence depending on the
need to enable rapid, scalable document processing.
5. The method of claim 1, further comprising a real-time feedback loop that allows human reviewers to
correct, validate, or refine evaluation outputs.
6. The method of claim 1, wherein structured outputs are enforced using predefined schemas such as JSON
or tables, facilitating auditability and analytics.
7. The method of claim 1, further comprising a dashboard interface to visualize evaluation metrics and flag
anomalies.
8. The method of claim 1, wherein the method is applicable to any highly structured enterprise document,
regardless of industry or document type.
9.
The method of claim 1, wherein the system’s modular design enables adaptation to new document
templates or evaluation rules without re-architecting the core workflow.
10. The method of claim 1, further comprising the ability to integrate with any large language model or
agent orchestration framework.
References
Gao, J., Biderman, S., Black, S., Golding, L., Hoppe, T., Foster, C., ... & Shoeybi, M. (2023). A Survey of
Large Language Models. arXiv preprint arXiv:2307.06435. https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06435
Bai, Y., Kadavath, S., Kundu, S., Askell, A., Kernion, J., Jones, A., ... & Amodei, D. (2023). Constitutional
AI: Harmlessness from AI Feedback. arXiv preprint arXiv:2212.08073. https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.08073
Liu, S., Wang, Z., Li, J., Deng, Y., & Zhang, J. (2023). How Far Can LLM-as-a-Judge Go? Benchmarking
LLMs for Automated Evaluation. arXiv preprint arXiv:2312.02097. https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.02097
Zheng, X., Gao, J., Chi, Z., Pan, L., & Wang, X. (2023). Judging LLM-as-a-Judge: A Comprehensive
Evaluation on LLM-as-a-Judge. arXiv preprint arXiv:2307.09702. https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.09702
Zeng, A., Wu, J., Ma, S., Wang, K., Zhang, C., & Chen, W. (2024). Automatic Evaluation of Factual
Consistency in Generated Text. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, 38(1), 45054514. https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/AAAI/article/view/28262
Wang, Q., Xie, S., Liu, Y., Lin, Z., Zhang, Z., & Wang, H. (2023). Can Large Language Models Judge?
arXiv preprint arXiv:2305.14297. https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14297
Evidently AI. (2024). LLM-as-a-Judge: A Guide. https://www.evidentlyai.com/llm-guide/llm-as-a-judge
LangChain. (2024). LangChain Documentation. https://python.langchain.com/docs/
CrewAI. (2024). CrewAI GitHub Repository. https://github.com/joaomdmoura/crewAI
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 16

AI Agents-as-Judge: Automated Assessment of Accuracy, Consistency, Completeness and Clarity for
Enterprise Documents
TruLens. (2024). TruLens GitHub Repository. https://github.com/truera/trulens
Guidance. (2024). Microsoft Guidance GitHub Repository. https://github.com/microsoft/guidance
Written by: Sudip Dasgupta and Himanshu Shankar
Page 17